Northwest Manifest
March 24-25 2012

Teams (Sean):
	lost Krynxe/Yakal
	won Pookie/Master C
	won Jeb/David
	lost Diakonos/GenesisFTW 

Pools:
	lost Sheridan
	lost Juce
	won Doll666
	won Lonebird

Bracket:
	lost Noobking
	lost Yakal

	Overall, there were many ups and downs. Somtimes, I played very well, sometimes I did not play well at all. A lot of this, I'm sure, is due to the lack of sleep combined with the NOS. First part of the day, I felt very jittery and had a hard time concetrating on the game. This went on for the first few teams matches. I then went to the bathroom, and drank some water. The water especially made me feel better and calmed me down. I played much better the final teams match, though of course, bathroom and water are not instant cures. I felt much better by the time pools started. The NOS for the most part, seemed to have ended all the horrible effects it had on me earlier. I also got a good hour of playing with easy opponents, so I was able to focus on the game well when pools started.

	Teams, in the end went very well despite how my body felt. Not much more to add other than we got very close to taking a game of Krinxe/Yakal

	Pools went well, beat Lonebird and lost to Juce but not much to say about either, as it was just a straight up win/loss. Against Doll666, it took me an entire game to calm down, and fight a Marth like I should. Stay out of tipper, and don't rush him.I started to take my time and bait more, and managed to get two strong wins. Against Sheridan, I did surprisingly well. I managed to keep up first two stocks, though he finished me off both games with two stocks left. Thank you Shoyo and Andrew for lots of Puff practice!

	Brackets just ended up me losing pretty bad. Against Noobking, I managed to not get tech chased horribly. Occasionally, I would be able to pull of combos and stack damage on him. Unfortunately, I had trouble killing him. I need to get better at getting Falcon off stage, then edgeguarding him to death. Against Yakal, I did my first ever shine OOS to avoid sheild pressure.

	Sumeet said the only reason his Peach was able to keep up with me in stocks, is because I get awkward with my tech skill and mess up, giving an opportunity to thoroughly punish. Looking at videos from pools, I am horrible with spacing. I jump around the opponent in dangerous places, and I let myself be open within Marth's sword.


In conclusion about my play:
	Get better at spacing. I let myself be in dangerous positions way too much.
	Get better at consistant tech skill.
		Missed almost half of jump cancelled usmashes.
		Missed some wavedash OOS against Doll666.
		Did not land a single uthrow → uair on Sheridan.
		Too much awkward moments from missed tech skill that gets punished.
			Sumeet's comment mentioned in final paragraph.
	Learn off stage play against Falcon.
	
